Conan graph explain docs (#3486)
conan-io/docs: reference/commands/graph/explain.rst

      -c:b CONF_BUILD, --conf:build CONF_BUILD
      -c:h CONF_HOST, --conf:host CONF_HOST
      -c:a CONF_ALL, --conf:all CONF_ALL
      -l LOCKFILE, --lockfile LOCKFILE
                            Path to a lockfile. Use --lockfile="" to avoid automatic use of existing 'conan.lock' file
      --lockfile-partial    Do not raise an error if some dependency is not found in lockfile
      --lockfile-out LOCKFILE_OUT
                            Filename of the updated lockfile
      --lockfile-packages   Lock package-id and package-revision information
      --lockfile-clean      Remove unused entries from the lockfile
      --lockfile-overrides LOCKFILE_OVERRIDES
                            Overwrite lockfile overrides
      --check-updates       Check if there are recipe updates
      --build-require       Whether the provided reference is a build-require
      --missing [MISSING]   A pattern in the form 'pkg/version#revision:package_id#revision', e.g: zlib/1.2.13:* means all binaries for zlib/1.2.13. If revision is not specified, it is
                            assumed latest one.

> The ``conan graph explain`` tries to give a more comprenhensive explanation for a package that might be missing with the configuration provided and show the differences between the expected binary package and the available one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``conan graph explain`` tries to give a more detailed explanation for a package that might be missing with the configuration provided and show the differences between the expected binary package and the available ones.
```

> It helps to understand what is missing from the package requested, wether it is different options, differnt settings or different dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It helps to understand what is missing from the package requested, whether it is different options, different settings or different dependencies.
```
